# CIS106 VI MAI

## Assignment 1

The reason why I want to take this class is partly because it is one of the required classes to take before officially entering my major. More deeply speaking, I took this class because it will be one of my very important stepping stones in acquiring knowledge, and having a basic understanding and background in programming. I know that being a programmer can be very difficult for newbies and for those new to the field. I was one of them myself, and I realized that getting the background right The basics are one of the things that I have to prioritize. And so this class will be one of those classes that I'll put a lot of heart into, I'll keep trying no matter how much I fail.

## Assignment 2

The language that I choose will be the Python programming language, because of its variety and versatility in its programming applications. Python for me is a programming language with strong advantages such as easy to read, easy to remember and easy to learn. Compared to other languages, Python has less syntactic structure. Python's structure allows the user to write code with the least number of keystrokes. In addition, Python has powerful high-level data structures and a simple yet effective approach to object-oriented programming. For me, Python is an easy language for beginners, and it would be a great starting point for me.

I am still confused about choosing an IDE for my programming language, so far there are 2 IDEs that I feel most comfortable with, Pycharm and Thonny. Both include the basic functions needed by the IDE such as error detection, syntax error highlighting, automatic code completion support, etc. But personally, I think I would still choose Thonny because of its simplicity and accessibility to newbies like me. Also maybe in the future when I'm comfortable with the Python programming language I'll start thinking about switching to a more advanced and versatile IDE. But for now I will and continue to use the Thonney IED as a tool for learning to code in our class.

## Assignment 3

After completing the required work, I realized that making and testing the code was harder than I thought. The following is missing or is in the wrong order or the code is not working properly is something I encountered while I was working on it. I have a bit of a hard time at times, but I still manage to get things done, and it's safe to say that the feeling after seeing my code run safely and smoothly on Thonny makes me happy. Sometimes there was a bit of a problem with the order and the results I didn't want, but from there I learned how to make things more efficient. I realized that making and testing a piece of code is not difficult, the real difficulty is whether I myself will take the time to learn from mistakes or not. Learning to code made me pay more attention to the details of the work, adding details like each brick was put in making it even more solid.

## Assignment 4

I think for me limiting my use of Flowchart slightly reduces my programming capabilities, because it really helps a lot in my programming work. But I was able to get used to it, the problem I have now is the structure of my code is quite long, so I will find a way to shorten it. Having a long piece of code is not a bad thing for me, because it gives me a chance to better implement its mechanism. But I will try to do it in the shortest and most efficient way possible, because it can speed up my process more to catch up or lead the class. So I will focus on learning how to make short but effective code, and Python is the best language for that. Also I need to pay attention to the small details, because even when I use Flowchart some outputs still don't work as well as I want it to, and it ends up spending more time on it. . As for me practicing code structure I am confident I can do it, but correct calculations are my top priority. For me the lesson this time around is to always find a way to make things better, and try to check the small details in case such cases happen again.

## Assignment 5

  During this assignment, I had a bit of a hard time, but I think I'm fine. To be more precise, I'm starting to get interested in this lesson, because this time I got to experiment with more powerful things like def or main(). Especially def and return, I will spend time learning how to organize and its application thoroughly, because I think I am quite struggling in that area. Everything seems so new to me, and I will definitely take the time to review everything, I need to make sure I can master everything. Using functions in structuring code was quite difficult for me at first, but in the end everything I thought I understood part of it. I plan to use def and functions more in my future lessons, because I feel it can enrich my code structure.

## Assignment 6

  In this lesson I was able to grasp how the function works, and how to build a code structure based on it. At first I had difficulty sorting the output, but I solved it by numbering it so the computer could read the code and execute it. Since then I realized that sometimes numbering in order can help them to locate things better. I have also practiced my programming on the IDE, instead of relying on Flow to build structure, I can now be more confident and proactive in my constructing my structure in a more creative way. But my goal is not just to understand how the function works, but to master it in the best way. Because to me, the function is like a piece of the puzzle in the bigger picture, I'll keep practicing my ability to use the function until I'm comfortable with using it.

## Assignment 7

  It can be said that this time the lesson was one of the more difficult ones for me, because I had to come up with the right code at the same time and try to limit the number of lines I had to set up. . Building a code structure based on making a choice and the outcome for that choice is quite difficult for me. But after all I'm still good at my job, my weakness is just that the code is too long, so I will try to fix that. The change here is that aside from learning new things, most things remain the same. I think one thing that is similar to the previous articles is that using FLO will take more time to calculate than IDEs. Of course I will reuse this code structure, or will spend more time trying to reduce the number of sentences I need to reuse.

## Assignment 8

  This is a big challenge for me personally, I really have a problem using Loop with few details. I spent hours thinking about how to best fit it, and I was unable to apply the Functions from the last lesson this time. I thought it would be easier if I forced myself to use Functions in conjunction with loop, and I didn't use it at all this time. Simply because I want to start with the basics first, so the code in this section will be very short compared to usual, I will still focus on how to develop it. I find it difficult to insist but it is still very interesting for me, and I will use it again and again here again.

## Assignment 9

 In this section I realize that learning how to use while is a basic start that everyone should learn after for loop. Because using while is easier to understand and use for myself, and I think for everyone else too. At this point I still can't find Flow's convenience more than an IDE, because most IDEs will do a much better job of combining Func with Loop. If there was a choice in the situation to use only one of the two, I would choose while over for. In Flow creating a graph using the for loop structure is quite a bit more complicated than while, and conversely For is easier to use in the IDE than while, but I think I'm pretty much inclined to use while. While both have been giving me a few problems, I think after a few tries I think I'll still be able to get a handle on some of the Loop basics. To increase the difficulty for myself, combining 2 different loops would be something I would aim for.
